# Attendance-and-Leave-Management-System


Attendance and Leave Management System is developed by using a Django framework which performs CRUD (Create Read Update Delete) operations. The prime objective is to take attendance of employees, apply for leave, employees can see their working hours, their average working hours, the number of days the employee has taken leave, the number of days employee is present or absent, the total number of working days, the number of personal and medical leaves left.
It shows the different data of employees in the form of Pie-Chart, Bar-graph, the calendar for the present month, the table showing the leave applications requested by employee. It also shows the leave history of a employee. Employee can Sign in using their Employee Id and Password. The manager can also login with their credentials and can approve or reject the other employees leave request. The manager can also see all the other employee’s record. 
It allows the employees for marking them present and automatically calculates the hours an employee has worked in the day when he logs out. A timekeeping system that offers a web login facility is generally known as an online attendance management software. These functions use database to ensure that one’s attendance data can be accessed and logins and logouts performed from virtually any location with an internet connection. Logins and logouts can also be performed with ease at the simple click of a button – a convenience many employees expect in this digital era. Such systems also come in handy when you have a large part of the workforce that’s working remotely, at client locations or in outbound sales roles.

NOTE: This was a group project, developed to fulfill certain academic requirements.
